What’s happening:

On the “Create Link” page of the Link Automator app, clicking the Create Link button does nothing — no link is created, no error is shown in the UI.

What you saw in DevTools:

Console shows:

קוד
service-worker-loader.js:1 Uncaught (in promise) Error: Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist.
This suggests the front‑end is trying to send a message (likely to a service worker or extension content script) but there’s no listener running.

Steps to reproduce:

Open the app at https://link-automator-yedastudioisrae.replit.app/create-link

Fill in the Target URL, Link Title, and optional back‑half.

Click Create Link.

Nothing happens — no redirect, no confirmation, no error message in the UI.

What you expected:

The app should create the shortened link and either show a success message or redirect to the “My Links” page.

Possible cause (for the developer):

The click handler for the Create Link button may not be firing, or it’s firing but failing silently because the service worker or API endpoint it calls isn’t connected/registered.

Could also be a CORS or network error that’s only visible in the console.

Suggested fix direction:

Ensure the service worker is registered and active before sending messages.

Add error handling to the Create Link action so the user sees a message if the request fails.

Check that the API route for creating links is deployed and reachable from the client.

You could send something like this to Replit support or the project maintainer:

Bug report: On the Link Automator “Create Link” page, clicking the Create Link button does nothing. Steps to reproduce: Fill in the form and click Create Link. Observed: No link is created, no UI feedback. Console shows: service-worker-loader.js:1 Uncaught (in promise) Error: Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist. Expected: Link should be created and confirmation shown. Notes: This may be due to the service worker or API endpoint not being available when the click handler runs.

If you want, I can also help you run a quick check in DevTools to see if the network request is even being sent when you click Create Link — that would give the developer an even clearer starting point. Would you like me to walk you through that?